While I think you have to be intentional about ensuring that you're growing
and developing, you don't have to. You don't necessarily have
to seek a moment each day to do it. A lot of times exposure you get
at work in the military is enough to continue your development. But
what you need to d'oh! I really do feel like this is in need. You have
to be humble and you have to be introspective and think about how
you're doing things. And if you see a better way of doing it than adopt
that, you know there's if they're only a few situations in life
where you can plagiarize and this is definitely one of them, it might
work for you. It might not, but he should at least be humble enough
to realize that there are better way things, better ways of doing
things and that it is okay for you to adopt those ways, even if it
feels a little unnatural.